.. image:: snackabra.svg
   :height: 100px
   :align: center
   :alt: The 'michat' Pet Logo

=====================
Snackabra Room Server
=====================

This repository is for the chat room server. For general documentation
on Snackabra see: https://snackabra.io

The room server allows you to host and manage your own Snackabra
server, called a "personal" server (as opposed to a "public"
server). This same code supports a public (multi-user) Snackabra
service, but that requires other building blocks (including you need
an SSO), so for now this documentation will focus on setting up a
personal server. On a personal server, the individual running the
server is de-facto "owner" of all rooms - see the general
documentation for more information.

You will need a client to connect to the server. See
https://github.com/snackabra for what's currently available (at time
of writing, there's a react native web client and an early native
swift ios version).

For installation documentation on the room server, see:




LICENSE
-------

Copyright (c) 2016-2021 Magnusson Institute, All Rights Reserved.

"Snackabra" is a registered trademark

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Affero General Public License for more details.

Licensed under GNU Affero General Public License
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html


Cryptography Notice
-------------------

This distribution includes cryptographic software. The country in
which you currently reside may have restrictions on the import,
possession, use, and/or re-export to another country, of encryption
software. Before using any encryption software, please check your
country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import,
possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if
this is permitted. See http://www.wassenaar.org/ for more information.

United States: This distribution employs only "standard cryptography"
under BIS definitions, and falls under the Technology Software
Unrestricted (TSU) exception.  Futher, per the March 29, 2021,
amendment by the Bureau of Industry & Security (BIS) amendment of the
Export Administration Regulations (EAR), this "mass market"
distribution does not require reporting (see
https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/FR-2021-03-29/pdf/2021-05481.pdf ).
